okay probably just watch the video of
the fork rebuild we're going to go ahead
and look at the car real quick we're not
going to do anything major just a couple
little things to look out for will
loosen the drain nut here go ahead and
see what it looks like in there and then
we'll go ahead and look at the needle go
look okay there sorry about that the
video cut off anyway that's all we're
going to look at for the car I'm going
to go ahead and clean the the case up
check out the needle on the throttle
here good make sure there's nothing
built dirty like that so I'm gonna go
ahead and clean this up
and then we'll go ahead and install on
the bike but just wanted to show you
that I am actually checking the car
before I just slap it on the bike not a
whole lot of checks I'm doing too but
just enough so stay tuned and we'll slap
it on the bike here a little bit okay
now we're ready to put the car up on the
bike I've got it cleaned up see just a
little supper green some compressed air
and a just a brush basically small one
goes in first and there's a little notch
there there's also a little notch
indicated on top of here there is a band
that goes around this this is the first
part so far on this partially
disassembled bike that's how I bought it
that I've seen missing so far so I'm
gonna go ahead and put it on there and
I'll just get a heavy-duty clamp and put
around that instead of a special
ordering and taking two weeks to get the
you know or week get the fret factory
clamp so push that all the way in there
once you get it in it shouldn't move
either way like I said there's a little
notch here that slides into next thing
you put on is our air box but you can
actually put this all on with the rear
subframe which is what we're going to do
but essentially you just
put this in here and voila we're going
to go ahead and put the whole entire
rear subframe on and we'll do that all
in this video so stay tuned okay we've
got the air box attached to the rear
subframe I'm just going to go ahead and
slide it on here watching out for our
freshly painted frame in for your
subframe go ahead and slide that boot
now this one does have to clamp which is
nice
there we go
they're got to get one end in and then
the next thing we'll do is we'll put the
two screws here screws there and we'll
be done with this as part of the build
so carbs in place do not have anything
else in place on there next thing we'll
do is probably the rear fender and
that'll be it for now got to wait on a
couple more parts so we're coming right
along here so as always thanks for
watching and please subscribe